[Music]
what type of millionaire will you be hey
do I know something about you that you
don't watch closely all right everyone
Who Wants to Be a Millionaire did I hear
you guys correctly you wouldn't mind
being one of those guys with yachts and
everything well let's hope you get there
one day
but before that happens let's find out
which type of millionaire you'll be if
you like personality tests and all kinds
of fun videos get your unlimited access
to them right now click the subscribe
button and give that notification Bell a
ring to join the Brightside family now
the rules here are simple you'll see 10
questions with 4 answer options to
choose from you'll find out how many
points you've got for each answer after
each question so why don't you grab a
pencil and a piece of paper and keep
track of your score ok I'll wait still
waiting go ahead are you ready let's go
[Music]
number one back at school your biggest
talent was a science I took AP
everything and won every contest ever be
leadership skills my team want
everything thanks to my guidance see
drama choir art club creativity has
always been my strong side d debate I
wasn't elected student council president
for nothing I can always stand my ground
answer a gets you 10 points answer B 30
points answer C 20 points answer D 40
points number to describe your current
financial situation a I'm doing fine and
can afford more than the average person
trips around the world in cars I can buy
those without saving for months B I have
a job but it doesn't bring me crazy
amounts of money
but I'm okay see I am a student and the
only money I can think of is my student
loan D money is highly overrated I get
my family to help me out and that's all
that matters
answer a earns you 30 points B 10 points
C 20 points D 40 points number three
what do you value most in life a freedom
and independence I hate being told what
to do and I want to keep things that way
B people are what I value most of all
I'm a very social creature and can't
imagine my life without the company and
support of others C money duh it can buy
you everything you ever need and more D
the ability to grow discovering new
things challenging myself traveling and
learning is what brings meaning into my
life answer a gets you 10 points B 20
points C 30 points D 40 points question
4 what can you never get enough of a
time I wish there were at least 48 hours
in one day be attention it's the fuel
for my inner vehicle C silence and inner
peace things are going too crazy these
days D kindness the world is a pretty
cruel place and I can't handle it answer
a gets you 30 points B 20 points C 10
points D 40 points question 5 what
superpower would you want to have most
of all a healing people I would help
those with incurable diseases B
teleportation I would travel all the
time and party all across the world C
gift of prophecy my financial decisions
would always be right
d telekinesis I'd be able to control
objects around me and use them to my
advantage
answer a earns you 40 points B 20 points
C 30 points D 10 points and now let's
imagine you've already become a
millionaire and can afford pretty much
anything so what would you choose
question 6 pick a house you'd want to
live in a the high-tech and modern type
B an old mansion with some history see a
penthouse somewhere downtown D just the
usual house my family and I call a home
answer a earns you 30 points B 10 points
C 20 points D 40 points question 7 pick
a vehicle you got a travel in style now
a private jet the huge yacht see none of
the above
I can still ride my bicycle to work D
really expensive cars and not just y
answer a gets you 30 points B 20 points
C 40 points D 10 points 8 at an auction
you'd most likely by a works of art I
would start a collection be jewelry it
never goes out of fashion C stocks I
want to invest money in something
worthwhile D none of the above
answer a earns you 20 points B 10 points
C 30 points D 40 points 9 which of these
charities would you most likely support
a Cancer Research I don't want this
monster to take away my life B I donate
to orphanages across the world kids with
no parents or access to basic education
need help like no one else C women's
rights campaigns because that
manners D WWF campaigns I want to help
keep earth a green and happy place for
my kids
answer a earns you 30 points B 10 points
C 20 points D 40 points question 10 will
you keep working when you become a
millionaire
a what why B I'll only do what I enjoy
I'd hire people for the rest C of course
you can never have too much money in
power D yes until my kids grow up and I
pass over the business to them answer a
earns you 20 points B 10 points
C 30 points D 40 points okay it's time
to add up your points if you need more
than ten seconds just pause the video
I'll wait here again
[Music]
alright did you score somewhere between
100 and 170 points you'll be the
Castaway type of millionaire you'll live
on an island much like Tom Hanks except
the island will be yours and you'll move
there by choice to cut yourself off from
the rest of the world you understand the
power of money and will use it to your
best advantage for you money is a way to
get really comfortable in life and only
do things you enjoy if your final score
is 180 to 250 points you'll be just like
the great gatsby a little party never
killed anyone
so you'll throw incredible parties all
across the world
he'll try out all the latest trends in
technology travel to Mars and so on but
some might find you pretty weird and
eccentric but you take it as a
compliment right if you ended up with
260 to 320 points it looks like you'll
be the tycoon you won't slow down after
your first million or your tenth million
you have ambitions to take over the
world and hard work and determination
can take you there making more and more
money will fill your life with purpose
and meaning earn to invest and invest to
earn that's typical tycoon behavior
finally if you got 330 to 400 points
you'll be the philanthropist
if you become extremely rich you won't
be excited to buy expensive yachts jets
or jewelry you will use this opportunity
as your chance to help those in need
across the world fund medical research
contribute to the restoration of
historical sites or help save endangered
species you don't see money as your
ultimate goal but as a tool that can let
you help others and make a positive
impact
so did your final results sound like you
tell us in the comments below don't
forget to give us a like and click
subscribe to stay on the bright side of
life
[Music]
you